# Justification
1. The game was appealing at first but there was not enough feedback for the player, for example, I found the name of the murder and inserted it into the textbox, but had no feedback on whether it was right or not. I was very confused and had no idea how to proceed. It is also frustrating to see the countdown when I do not know how to proceed.
2. The control is terrible. The Feedback of actions is missing sometimes.
3. The game was quite fun at the start and I really enjoyed it. This was until I got to the puzzle to open the door and got fabulously stuck. I played this game for 30 minutes and still could not figure out the answer to the puzzle. For the bugs, there was a few bugs where I could clip out of the room. Apart from the fact that I was not able to figure out how to complete the game, I enjoyed the experience.
4. Really like this story based mystery game, I liked using the clues to try and solve the puzzle. It was great to explore the room and you would be encouraged to keep finding more clues. I liked there was a time limit so you were making decision on a time crunch. Game design is well made.
5.  The game gave me a feeling that the group has worked hard on making the game. However, I could not interact with one of the "Interactions". I feel like that was one of the key interactions I needed to have in order to complete the game but it was a bug which did not let me do it. Also, it lacked of feedback when typing in the reason of the death. I had no clue if I typed in the correct answer or not. In addition, there was a typo in the "Clue" list. It said "Dairy" instead of "Diary". Furthermore, having F1 as one of the keys was not a good idea since it was overlapping with Chrome's F1 shortcut. Since the groups has stated Chrome was the recommended browser, I think they should have spotted this earlier. However, overall the game play was interesting.
6.  It is good to have a room escape game and the atmosphere is really immersive. But unfortunately, the puzzles in the game seem to be too difficult and boring for me. I have spent an entire 15 minutes clicking everywhere but cannot find out what I should do, and where I should go next. Also, the setup of the game environment is not really attractive to me. I'm afraid I'm not a escape room fan and I didn't really enjoy it during this period of time.
7.  The first feedback in playing the game is that the controls are very weird. It is very uncommon, to my own knowledge, that the movement of a first-point-of-view character is moved by a scroll wheel. Usually, the movement of the play is controlled by the mouse in a first-point-of-view game. Next, the text in the interface is very small even when having it full screen. For instance, the Help menu button at the top left and the goal are very hard to see. Similarly, some of the clues have very small font text which makes it very hard to read. The third issue is that there are some bugs within the game. For instance, if we run into a wall, then we could see the “next” room without actually passing the flow of the game. Similarly, some of the texts are bugged where the text "Door Locked, Need to find evidence" stays on the screen the whole time. Other than that, the game flow and mechanism seem a bit flawed. For instance, you can move when inspecting objects, which should not have happened. Moreover, some objects, like the compass, actually block the view of the next clue, which seems a bit counterintuitive. And, some of the controls seem a bit weird, where when we have to type the killer name, we have to click the box one by one. Lastly, the interface seems a bit counterintuitive, for instance, the clue counter is 11/[number of clues obtained] instead of the more conventional and intuitive way around.
8.  The game was intuitive and most of my action get feedback, however, 15 minutes is not enough for me to complete the game and I only find 6-7 clue and did not find the key. I feel confused about how to used the compass and I found it a bit difficult to find the remaining clues.
9.  Interesting game settings, I know exactly what the game want us to do, but the clue is hard to understand, and the text font did not fit the screen size.
10.  The game concept of extremely unique and interesting, furthermore I encountered no issues with performance. The only aspects of the game I had issues with were the controls and the challenge level. The gameplay was interesting as I was compelled to continue finding clues, however I was stuck at a certain point of the game and had no idea how to continue. Due to the fact that the game ending did not give me anymore insight into solving the challenge, I felt fairly frustrated and did not have any more desire to continue playing. Furthermore, after the game finishes there are no help features that could assist me in solving the problem. The controls were also not very comfortable, specifically, the slow turning speed and the scrolling to look up and down felt very unintuitive to use.
11. The game is fairly intuitive I knew right away that I had to find clues to escape the room. I'm told how many clues I've collected and how many I need to beat the game.
12.  I wanted to like this game but it was just so clunky, lots of bugs and difficult to play. Why did you not just use mouse look for the control scheme? Using keys to look up and down was so slow and felt weird. Heaps of ui bugs with messages stuck on screen, overlaping UI elements, clipping through walls and empty/missing art. Felt very unclear how to do some puzzles such as not submit option for putting in names on who killed xx lord. No real starting intro or backstory felt weird, I didn't actually realise the game had started for some time. Could have used a hint system for stuck players.
13.  As a puzzle game, I will focus more on the storyline, the ingenuity of the clues, the graphics and the atmosphere, and the fun. The gameplay is easy to understand, the purpose is clear, and subjectively with me I think there is a lot that draws me in to playing it.
14.  I enjoyed this game. Unfortunately, it was too difficult for me to complete in the given time. I had 8/11 clues and was up to the compass clue. I really enjoyed the process up to this stage, but was stuck on this step for almost 8 minutes, which was frustrating (although I understand this is the idea of a puzzle game and I probably missed something obvious). I felt the controls and interface were fairly easy to learn and understand although the movement was a little unintuitive for me. Except for occasionally seeing through a wall when next to it and the compass blocking the text on a clue the game ran perfectly and without bugs.

# Feedback
1. I like the idea of gathering the clues and finding out who is the murderer. However, it would be great if there were more hints or help if the player got stuck. The camera control can also be improved since it is very weird to use the scroll wheel to rotate the head and the turn is very slow.
2. Change the control to using the mouse to look and use WASD to walk. Give some hints when the player is stuck for too long.
3. F1 is bound as a help key on Chrome so whenever I press F1 to change the view, it automatically opens the Chrome help page which is rather annoying. The premise of the game is quite interesting and I enjoyed the plot. However, I got stuck opening the hidden room - I am still not sure how to open it even after playing for 30 minutes. On that note, the puzzles could potentially use some work, most of them are just clicking 'F" and then clicking with the mouse. Overall, nice game.
4. Controls are a bit clunky and not intiutive. It resulted in me feeling frustrated from the movements being slow to move around. It would be good if you followed standard guides on player controls and fixed up player movement. The interface was also a bit inconsistent, you want to change the sizing and style of the UI to fit each scene to make it consistent.
5. It would have been better if it had a start screen at the beginning of the game. I know they have designed a start screen since I have pressed "Restart" after failing once. However, I could not see the starting screen functioning in the initial gameplay. In addition, the gameplay was interesting since it had various clues hidden in the room. It must have been a challenge for them to get a good story for this but I think they have worked it well. However, the bug on the drawer on the left side of the bed was crucial to the gameplay. This prevented me from gathering all clues out there which made me impossible to complete the game and potentially move on to the next level. I enjoyed playing the game and want to play it again with that bug fixed!
6. The good things are: - The background music is really immersive. - They have set up a storyline for the players to explore. To improve: - There should be more hints, or add in another hint button if possible to help the players solve the puzzles when they are stuck. - They should try to make the game environment more enjoyable and immersive. Currently the music and the game environment are not on the same level. - The storyline should be more comprehensive.
7. It would be better if the controls were based on the mouse movement, and I believe that there are a few tutorials on how this could be implemented easily. Next, it would be better to shoot a ray cast from the player’s POV to find the evidence, because your current mechanism allows for awkward interaction where I could interact with evidence when facing the ceiling. Aside from that, it would be better to make the text larger and polish the game mechanism better.
8. The game has good music and the control is smoothly, but I think more hint should be provided because it is not enough for me to complete the game within 15 minutes. Also, I think more sound effect can be provided when I interact with any objects and this would be more interesting.
9. Positive Feedback: Game goals were clear. Intriguing game settings. Background music fits the game well. Fifteen minutes count down strictly corresponds to the game assessment requirement. Constructive criticism: (the Most important one) Please fit the font size with the screen. The size is too small for us to read the text... This is really annoying... Clues hard to understand (for me at least). A little difficult to control (for us to go to exact location to press f).
10. The concept of an escape room / puzzle game is very unique and the theme of the game was done extremely well. The small background information we get for the characters really brings the entire setting to life. One improvement I would suggest is to rework the camera control into a more conventional one that uses the mouse to control the direction as at times I would feel frustrated due to the slow turning speed of the character. Furthermore, I was very confused regarding the compass part where I wasn't too sure where it was leading me. I think it led me to a corner where I needed to answer what killed lord, but I felt the phrasing of the question, the number of input fields and the lack of an input button made me very confused. I tried various combinations that made sense to me such as "poison", "axe", "axepoison" and "poisonaxe" as well as several character names but to no avail. I feel some prompts would make the experience a lot better to indicate that the compass did in fact unlock the question, and maybe some more clues to make the answer to the question more obvious. Furthermore, after the game ends it may be nice to give the solution or some hints regarding the puzzle as I really was curious about the other aspects of the game, however, due to me being completely stuck on the question I could not experience other aspects of the game that you put a lot of effort into. Overall, the game is fantastic and could be elevated to a higher level with some minor improvements.
11. I think this game is really innovative. The devs did a good job of setting the scene. Control is good. It's easy to know my status and what I need to beat the game. It's fun to play for people who like solving puzzles. I wish there was more action in the game, moving elements that make the game more interesting.
12. Web based escape room always a nice thing to try out. Had some potential to be interesting but the interface, controls and UI needed a lot of work. A sense of narrative and story to these things is really important and it felt lacking from this game.
13. I think it deserves a mention for its ambience and graphics, which made me very immersed and couldn't wait to solve the mystery and get the key. The gameplay is also a standard escape room puzzle game. The clues and gameplay are very easy to understand. The clues to the compass etc. are also cleverly conceived Subjectively, I think it's a passable puzzle game! But the scene building still has room for improvement, and when I look through the window it's blank, which takes me out of the scene a bit. The characters' feedback, and actions are not well presented, because of the subject matter itself.
14. The concept is interesting and the puzzles are challenging. It was easy to learn and ran very smoothly with only a couple of very minor bugs. The movement could be made more intuitive (WASD to move any direction and the mouse to look around). I was unsure what the point of the top-down view was so could add some explanation around why to use it.
